$start
!goto/memory

$memory
Tell me about your favourite memory
?memoryluck:I met my wife at an orchestra/dinosaur:memoryluck:I won the dinosaur lottery one time and spent all the money on palm leaves/venus:memoryluck:Thes festivals on Venus, each year we would set the sky alight to bring us good fortune

$memoryluck
Do you believe in luck?
?luckyes:Yes

$luckyes
In what capacity? like, its just something we can observe after the facts. or that luck is something immaterial that we're born with
?luckYes2:We're born with a certain amount of luck/luckNo:Just something to observe

$luckyes2
Do you think your born with much luck? and how much do you have left to spend? I guess theres no way to measure your luck
that makes this conversation kind of pointless
?favememory:What about your favourite memory?/worstmemory:What is your worst memory

$luckno
I think I disagree. I want to believe that something controls our fate. I dont like the idea that its all random
Lets just talk about something else
?favememory:What about your favourite memory?/worstmemory:What is your worst memory?

$favememory
oh. the memory that stands out to me was when I was younger, and I was on holiday with my mum
We where late for this... pottery class. We stopped and asked one of the locals for the route. 
and she told us about this shortcut we could take. It sent us through this tiny graveyard.
There was a lot of bluebells and the grass was overgrown. I stopped to look at the graves.
All of the graves were unmarked. Everyone buried there didn't have an identity. 
No one could identify their bodies when they died
It was peaceful and sad, but it felt like a healthy sadness maybe.


$worstmemory
I'm not sure. Its hard to remember anything I'd call a least favourite memory
I hate all my bad memories the more recently they happened. so I feel like my answer will be bias
Like right now, this car journey is my worst memory. 
I feel like something awful and terrible is bound to happen
But in five years I probably wont remember this at all



$faveword